profile/README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img align="center" style="padding:0px" height="156px" src="https://i.imgur.com/OvCXqPL.png" /></p>


<h1 align="center">$\boldsymbol{\mathnormal{Welcome!}}$</h1>

- Currently looking for a remote job involving:
    - Linux
    - Python 3.8 to 3.10
- I've been a licensed amateur radio operator for almost a year now (December 2024).
  - Having the callsign of [**4G9LGA**](https://radioid.net/database/view?callsign=4G9LGA)
  - And a member of [**DX9ALT - ALERT-10**](https://www.facebook.com/alert10inc.official.ph)
- Homelabing since 2023
    1. ~~Windows Server 2022~~ (Was turned over for production for a university):
        - AD
        - LDAP
        - RDS
        - KMS Host
    2. WSL-2 Ubuntu
        - [Newt](https://github.com/fosrl/newt)
        - Development environment
        - [Pterodactyl Panel](https://github.com/pterodactyl/panel)
    3. Main Ubuntu VM
        - Production environment
        - Docker worker node
    4. ODK Ubuntu VM
        - [ODK Central (Open Data Kit)](https://github.com/getodk/central)
    5. [AMPR Net Gateway Ubuntu VM](https://www.qsl.net/aa3eu/AMPRnet.htm)
    6. OVH Ubuntu VPS
        - [Pangolin Tunnel](https://github.com/fosrl/pangolin)
        - [Wireguard Server](https://github.com/WireGuard)
        - Torrent Seedbox
    7. Windows 10 Pro
        - [Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin)
        - Hyper-V hypervisor
        - ~~AD Domain Controller~~ (Was turned over for production for a university)

Commit message:

Migrating to beta ODK Web Form

profile/README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img align="center" style="padding:0px" height="156px" src="https://i.imgur.com/OvCXqPL.png" /></p>


<h1 align="center">$\boldsymbol{\mathnormal{Welcome!}}$</h1>

- Currently looking for a remote job involving:
    - Linux
    - Python 3.8 to 3.10
- I've been a licensed amateur radio operator for almost a year now (December 2024).
  - Having the callsign of [**4G9LGA**](https://radioid.net/database/view?callsign=4G9LGA)
  - And a member of [**DX9ALT - ALERT-10**](https://www.facebook.com/alert10inc.official.ph)
- Homelabing since 2023
    1. ~~Windows Server 2022~~ (Was turned over for production for a university):
        - AD
        - LDAP
        - RDS
        - KMS Host
    2. WSL-2 Ubuntu
        - [Newt](https://github.com/fosrl/newt)
        - Development environment
        - [Pterodactyl Panel](https://github.com/pterodactyl/panel)
    3. Main Ubuntu VM
        - Production environment
        - Docker worker node
    4. ODK Ubuntu VM
        - [ODK Central (Open Data Kit)](https://github.com/getodk/central)
        - ~~Enketo~~ ODK is migrating to an ODK Web Form, and I'm testing the beta out.
    5. [AMPR Net Gateway Ubuntu VM](https://www.qsl.net/aa3eu/AMPRnet.htm)
    6. OVH Ubuntu VPS
        - [Pangolin Tunnel](https://github.com/fosrl/pangolin)
        - [Wireguard Server](https://github.com/WireGuard)
        - Torrent Seedbox
    7. Windows 10 Pro
        - [Jellyfin](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin)
        - Hyper-V hypervisor
        - ~~AD Domain Controller~~ (Was turned over for production for a university)
